Yeah. One of the most dangerous things that I've done on this job is,
for example, one of my sailors at a situation with their spouse. And
she called me, and the first thing I did was get in my car and show
up at her house. Um, because I wanted to help. I wanted to protect
her. Um, I believe that was a dangerous thing to do, because, um, here
we are with no protection. A Sfar, As you know, maybe calling the
police or or something like that. We were both just wide open there,
Um, at the home. Um, at that point, when I arrived to the home, she
didn't let me in. Maybe for those reasons, but I did show up at the
house, and I think, at that point, being a protector, uh, being the
S e l. I believe that was a dangerous situation.